Hello everyone. In this part, we want to
create the credit our credit menu. Okay.
First thing first, we have to create
another
overlay. Make that
here. Set this overlay. Rename it as
widget switcher. Uh not as credit
overlay.
Okay. When I click here, it's nothing
happen. Okay. First of I have to create
the
text. add to this
overlay. Okay. Set this text right
here and go right here and set
transition. Okay. I'm going to name this
text
reds. Okay. Go here to the appearance
font. Make it
like
that. Transformity to Okay. And let's
add a container for our credit. We have
to create a vertical box.
Okay, this vertical box. Okay, in this
vertical box want to sit in the middle
right here.
After doing that, we have to create a
horizontal
box inside the vertical
box. This one is the
container. Okay. And this one the credit
name is box.
Selected and set this
one
names
box. Select this one right
here and let's create text.
text
box. After this check text box, we have
to add
spacer. Okay. for now. Let's make the
size of this
pacer 600 for
now. And let's add another Ctrl
Z. Make the space between
them. Okay, we have to add the names and
functional. Okay, for the first one,
let's start
programming. Okay, let's add for the
[Music]
programming.
Let's see.
Okay, after doing that, we have to copy,
duplicate all of
this, duplicate
it between the one and two, and let's
add
the paddic on
top of 20
pixel Control D is duplicated. Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Fine. Okay. For the
design, this one is
design. Okay. You can continue with
adding VFX, game director, level
designer, and 3D modeling and other
things. Okay. For now, I want to skip
this
part. You can use any you want names
what you want. Okay. Let's add back
button right
here. Okay. To do that, we have to go
here collapse
all and basically want to create
button. Okay, let's add the button here.
And let's move
it. Okay.
Down. Okay. From this place we have to
add
station. Okay.
And this button on the create
text. This one named back
button
back. Select the button. Select the
text. And let's go here. Oh
part for the design for the in this
pattern I will not set
anything that's the
normal outline.
Get it like
this. And you have
[Music]
this. Make it a
lot for the
outline. Pick the radius
up. Okay. Let's make it like
this. Okay. After we were doing this, we
have to select the
button and let's go
down set on click
it. Let's go up here for the widget
switcher.
Okay. Set active widget. Duplicate this
one.
Ctrl C and Ctrl
V. Okay. And okay, the addictive widget
of this one make two zero. When I press
the button, it's return to the
main. Okay. Let's test
out like right here.
the
rest.
Okay, let's go here to the designer and
let's go
here. Select the credit button. And I
click to this
credit
[Music]
button up
to
okay let's see what is the index of
uh this widget.
it. Okay, it's set to two. Let's add
here to the
graph. Make this
one
two. Okay.
Fine. Let's